##AI - Genetic algorithms
innoave/genevo=>innoave/genevo
m-decoster/RsGenetic=>m-decoster/RsGenetic
Martin1887/oxigen=>Martin1887/oxigen
pkalivas/radiate=>pkalivas/radiate
willi-kappler/darwin-rs=>willi-kappler/darwin-rs

##AI - Machine learning
autumnai/leaf=>autumnai/leaf
huggingface/tokenizers=>huggingface/tokenizers
LaurentMazare/tch-rs=>LaurentMazare/tch-rs
maciejkula/rustlearn=>maciejkula/rustlearn
rust-ml/linfa=>rust-ml/linfa
smartcorelib/smartcore=>smartcorelib/smartcore
tensorflow/rust=>tensorflow/rust

##Astronomy
flosse/rust-sun=>flosse/rust-sun
saurvs/astro-rust=>saurvs/astro-rust
fitsio=>https://crates.io/crates/fitsio

##Asynchronous
dpc/mioco=>dpc/mioco
mio=>tokio-rs/mio
rust-lang/futures-rs=>rust-lang/futures-rs
TeaEntityLab/fpRust=>TeaEntityLab/fpRust
Xudong-Huang/may=>Xudong-Huang/may
zonyitoo/coio-rs=>zonyitoo/coio-rs

##Audio and Music
hound=>https://crates.io/crates/hound
insomnimus/nodi=>insomnimus/nodi
jhasse/ears=>jhasse/ears
musitdev/portmidi-rs=>musitdev/portmidi-rs
ozankasikci/rust-music-theory=>ozankasikci/rust-music-theory
pdeljanov/Symphonia=>pdeljanov/Symphonia
RustAudio=>RustAudio
RustAudio/cpal=>RustAudio/cpal
RustAudio/rodio=>RustAudio/rodio
RustAudio/rust-portaudio=>RustAudio/rust-portaudio
Serial-ATA/lofty-rs=>Serial-ATA/lofty-rs

##Authentication
constantoine/totp-rs=>constantoine/totp-rs
Keats/jsonwebtoken=>Keats/jsonwebtoken
oauth2=>ramosbugs/oauth2-rs
oxide-auth=>HeroicKatora/oxide-auth
sgrust01/jwtvault=>sgrust01/jwtvault
yup-oauth2=>dermesser/yup-oauth2

##Automotive
marcelbuesing/can-dbc=>marcelbuesing/can-dbc
marcelbuesing/tokio-socketcan-bcm=>marcelbuesing/tokio-socketcan-bcm
mbr/socketcan=>socketcan-rs/socketcan-rs
oefd/tokio-socketcan=>oefd/tokio-socketcan
Sensirion/lin-bus=>Sensirion/lin-bus-rs

##Bioinformatics
Rust-Bio=>rust-bio

##Caching
aisk/rust-memcache=>aisk/rust-memcache
al8n/stretto=>al8n/stretto
jaemk/cached=>jaemk/cached
mozilla/sccache=>mozilla/sccache/

##Cloud - AWS
awslabs/aws-lambda-rust-runtime=>awslabs/aws-lambda-rust-runtime
awslabs/aws-sdk-rust=>awslabs/aws-sdk-rust
rusoto/rusoto=>rusoto/rusoto

##Cloud - Load Balancer
Convey=>bparli/convey

##Cloud - Multi Cloud
Qovery/engine=>Qovery/engine

##Command-line - Argument parsing
clap-rs=>clap-rs/clap
cliparser=>https://crates.io/crates/cliparser
docopt/docopt.rs=>docopt/docopt.rs
google/argh=>google/argh
killercup/quicli=>killercup/quicli
ksk001100/seahorse=>ksk001100/seahorse
TeXitoi/structopt=>TeXitoi/structopt

##Command-line - Data visualization
nukesor/comfy-table=>nukesor/comfy-table
zhiburt/tabled=>zhiburt/tabled

##Command-line - Human-centered design
rust-cli/human-panic=>rust-cli/human-panic

##Command-line - Line editor
kkawakam/rustyline=>kkawakam/rustyline
MovingtoMars/liner=>MovingtoMars/liner
murarth/linefeed=>murarth/linefeed
srijs/rust-copperline=>srijs/rust-copperline

##Command-line - Other
mgrachev/update-informer=>mgrachev/update-informer

##Command-line - Pipeline
hniksic/rust-subprocess=>hniksic/rust-subprocess
imp/pager-rs=>https://gitlab.com/imp/pager-rs
oconnor663/duct.rs=>oconnor663/duct.rs
rust-cli/rexpect=>rust-cli/rexpect
zhiburt/expectrl=>zhiburt/expectrl

##Command-line - Progress
a8m/pb=>a8m/pb
console-rs/indicatif=>console-rs/indicatif
etienne-napoleone/spinach=>etienne-napoleone/spinach
FGRibreau/spinners=>FGRibreau/spinners

##Command-line - Prompt
hashmismatch/terminal_cli.rs=>hashmismatch/terminal_cli.rs
starship/starship=>https://starship.rs/
ynqa/promkit=>ynqa/promkit

##Command-line - Style
LukasKalbertodt/bunt=>LukasKalbertodt/bunt
LukasKalbertodt/term-painter=>LukasKalbertodt/term-painter
mackwic/colored=>mackwic/colored
ogham/rust-ansi-term=>ogham/rust-ansi-term
SergioBenitez/yansi=>SergioBenitez/yansi

##BearLibTerminal
cfyzium/bearlibterminal=>nabijaczleweli/BearLibTerminal.rs
fdehau/tui-rs=>fdehau/tui-rs
gyscos/Cursive=>gyscos/Cursive
ivanceras/titik=>ivanceras/titik

##ncurses
ihalila/pancurses=>ihalila/pancurses
jeaye/ncurses-rs=>jeaye/ncurses-rs
ogham/rust-term-grid=>ogham/rust-term-grid
redox-os/termion=>redox-os/termion

##Termbox
gchp/rustbox=>gchp/rustbox
TimonPost/crossterm=>crossterm-rs/crossterm

##Compression
dropbox/rust-brotli=>dropbox/rust-brotli
Brotli=>https://opensource.googleblog.com/2015/09/introducing-brotli-new-compression.html
ende76/brotli-rs=>ende76/brotli-rs

##bzip2
alexcrichton/bzip2-rs=>alexcrichton/bzip2-rs

##gzip
zopfli=>zopfli-rs/zopfli

##gzp
sstadick/gzp=>sstadick/gzp/

##miniz
rust-lang/flate2-rs=>rust-lang/flate2-rs

##snappy
JeffBelgum/rust-snappy=>JeffBelgum/rust-snappy

##tar
alexcrichton/tar-rs=>alexcrichton/tar-rs
##zip
zip-rs/zip=>zip-rs/zip

##Computation
argmin-rs/argmin=>argmin-rs/argmin
BLAS=>https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Basic_Linear_Algebra_Subprograms
mikkyang/rust-blas=>mikkyang/rust-blas
calebwin/emu=>calebwin/emu
dimforge/nalgebra=>dimforge/nalgebra
GSL=>http://www.gnu.org/software/gsl
GuillaumeGomez/rust-GSL=>GuillaumeGomez/rust-GSL
LAPACK=>https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LAPACK
stainless-steel/lapack=>blas-lapack-rs/lapack

##Parallel
arrayfire/arrayfire-rust=>arrayfire/arrayfire-rust
autumnai/collenchyma=>autumnai/collenchyma
luqmana/rust-opencl=>luqmana/rust-opencl

##Scirust
indigits/scirust=>indigits/scirust

##Statrs
statrs-dev/statrs=>statrs-dev/statrs

##Concurrency

crossbeam-rs/crossbeam=>crossbeam-rs/crossbeam
orium/archery=>orium/archery
Rayon=>rayon-rs/rayon
rustcc/coroutine-rs=>rustcc/coroutine-rs
zonyitoo/coio-rs=>zonyitoo/coio-rs

##Configuration
andoriyu/uclicious=>andoriyu/uclicious
Kixunil/configure_me=>Kixunil/configure_me
mehcode/config-rs=>mehcode/config-rs

##Cryptography
briansmith/ring=>briansmith/ring
briansmith/webpki=>briansmith/webpki
conradkleinespel/rooster=>conradkleinespel/rooster
cossacklabs/themis=>cossacklabs/themis
DaGenix/rust-crypto=>DaGenix/rust-crypto
dalek-cryptography/curve25519-dalek=>dalek-cryptography/curve25519-dalek
dalek-cryptography/ed25519-dalek=>dalek-cryptography/ed25519-dalek
dalek-cryptography/x25519-dalek=>dalek-cryptography/x25519-dalek
debris/tiny-keccak=>debris/tiny-keccak
exonum/exonum=>exonum/exonum
gakonst/ark-circom=>gakonst/ark-circom
klutzy/suruga=>klutzy/suruga
kornelski/rust-security-framework=>kornelski/rust-security-framework
libOctavo/octavo=>libOctavo/octavo
novifinancial/opaque-ke=>novifinancial/opaque-ke
orion-rs/orion=>orion-rs/orion
racum/rust-djangohashers=>racum/rust-djangohashers
RustCrypto/hashes=>RustCrypto/hashes
rustls/rustls=>rustls/rustls
sfackler/rust-native-tls=>sfackler/rust-native-tls
sfackler/rust-openssl=>sfackler/rust-openssl
sodiumoxide/sodiumoxide=>sodiumoxide/sodiumoxide
vityafx/randomorg=>vityafx/randomorg
w3f/schnorrkel=>w3f/schnorrkel

##Data processing
amv-dev/yata=>amv-dev/yata
bluss/ndarray=>rust-ndarray/ndarray
kernelmachine/utah=>kernelmachine/utah
pola-rs/polars=>pola-rs/polars
weld-project/weld=>weld-project/weld

##Data streaming
infinyon/fluvio=>infinyon/fluvio

##Data structures
becheran/grid=>becheran/grid
billyevans/tst=>billyevans/tst
contain-rs=>contain-rs
danielpclark/array_tool=>danielpclark/array_tool
fizyk20/generic-array=>fizyk20/generic-array
garro95/priority-queue=>garro95/priority-queue
mrhooray/kdtree-rs=>mrhooray/kdtree-rs
orium/rpds=>orium/rpds
RoaringBitmap/roaring-rs=>RoaringBitmap/roaring-rs
rust-itertools/itertools=>rust-itertools/itertools
tnballo/scapegoat=>tnballo/scapegoat
xfix/enum-map=>xfix/enum-map
yamafaktory/hypergraph=>yamafaktory/hypergraph

##Data visualization
djduque/pgfplots=>djduque/pgfplots
igiagkiozis/plotly=>igiagkiozis/plotly
milliams/plotlib=>milliams/plotlib
plotters=>plotters-rs/plotters
saresend/gust=>saresend/Gust

##Database - NoSQL
AlexPikalov/cdrs=>AlexPikalov/cdrs
krojew/cdrs-tokio=>krojew/cdrs-tokio
ArangoDB=>https://www.arangodb.com
Aragog=>https://gitlab.com/qonfucius/aragog
Arangors=>fMeow/arangors
Cassandra=>https://cassandra.apache.org/_/index.html
Metaswitch/cassandra-rs=>Metaswitch/cassandra-rs

##Database - CouchDB
chill-rs/chill=>chill-rs/chill
DynamoDB=>https://aws.amazon.com/dynamodb/
softprops/dynomite=>softprops/dynomite

##Database - Elasticsearch
benashford/rs-es=>benashford/rs-es
elastic-rs/elastic=>elastic-rs/elastic

##Database - etcd
jimmycuadra/rust-etcd=>jimmycuadra/rust-etcd
lodrem/etcd-rs=>lodrem/etcd-rs

##Database - ForestDB
vhbit/sherwood=>vhbit/sherwood
InfluxDB=>https://www.influxdata.com
driftluo/InfluxDBClient-rs=>driftluo/InfluxDBClient-rs

##Database - LevelDB
skade/leveldb=>skade/leveldb

##Database - LMDB
vhbit/lmdb-rs=>vhbit/lmdb-rs

##Database - MongoDB
mongodb/mongo-rust-driver=>mongodb/mongo-rust-driver
PickleDB=>https://pythonhosted.org/pickleDB
seladb/pickledb-rs=>seladb/pickledb-rs

##Database - Redis
aembke/fred=>aembke/fred.rs
redis-rs=>redis-rs/redis-rs
RocksDB=>https://rocksdb.org
rust-rocksdb/rust-rocksdb=>rust-rocksdb/rust-rocksdb
SurrealDB=>https://surrealdb.com
surrealdb/surrealdb=>surrealdb/surrealdb
UnQLite=>https://unqlite.org
zitsen/unqlite.rs=>zitsen/unqlite.rs
ZooKeeper=>https://zookeeper.apache.org
bonifaido/rust-zookeeper=>bonifaido/rust-zookeeper
krojew/rust-zookeeper=>krojew/rust-zookeeper
##Database - OGM
Aragog=>https://gitlab.com/qonfucius/aragog

##ORM
Brendonovich/prisma-client-rust=>Brendonovich/prisma-client-rust
diesel-rs/diesel=>diesel-rs/diesel
ivanceras/rustorm=>ivanceras/rustorm
rbatis/rbatis=>rbatis/rbatis
SeaQL/sea-orm=>SeaQL/sea-orm
sfackler/r2d2=>sfackler/r2d2

##SQL - Generic
launchbadge/sqlx=>launchbadge/sqlx
SeaQL/sea-query=>SeaQL/sea-query
SeaQL/sea-schema=>SeaQL/sea-schema
##Microsoft SQL
prisma/tiberius=>prisma/tiberius

##SQL - MySql
AgilData/mysql-proxy-rs=>AgilData/mysql-proxy-rs
blackbeam/mysql_async=>blackbeam/mysql_async
blackbeam/rust-mysql-simple=>blackbeam/rust-mysql-simple

##SQL - PostgreSql
sfackler/rust-postgres=>sfackler/rust-postgres

##SQL - Sqlite
rusqlite=>rusqlite/rusqlite

##Date and time
chronotope/chrono=>chronotope/chrono
Mnwa/ms=>Mnwa/ms
time-rs/time=>time-rs/time

##Distributed systems - Antimony
antimonyproject/antimony=>antimonyproject/antimony

##Distributed systems - Apache Kafka
fede1024/rust-rdkafka=>fede1024/rust-rdkafka
gklijs/schema_registry_converter=>gklijs/schema_registry_converter
kafka-rust/kafka-rust=>kafka-rust/kafka-rust

##Distributed systems - Beanstalkd
schickling/rust-beanstalkd=>schickling/rust-beanstalkd

##Distributed systems - HDFS
hyunsik/hdfs-rs=>hyunsik/hdfs-rs

##Domain driven design
serverlesstechnology/cqrs=>serverlesstechnology/cqrs

##Email
gsquire/sendgrid-rs=>gsquire/sendgrid-rs
jdrouet/catapulte=>jdrouet/catapulte
jdrouet/jolimail=>jdrouet/jolimail
jdrouet/mrml=>jdrouet/mrml
lettre/lettre=>lettre/lettre
staktrace/mailparse=>staktrace/mailparse
stalwartlabs/mail-parser=>stalwartlabs/mail-parser
stalwartlabs/mail-send=>stalwartlabs/mail-send

##Encoding - ASN.1
alex/rust-asn1=>alex/rust-asn1

##Encoding - Binary
bincode-org/bincode=>bincode-org/bincode
m4b/goblin=>m4b/goblin

##Encoding - BSON
mongodb/bson-rust=>mongodb/bson-rust

##Encoding - Byte swapping
BurntSushi/byteorder=>BurntSushi/byteorder

##Encoding - Cap'n Proto
capnproto/capnproto-rust=>capnproto/capnproto-rust

##Encoding - CBOR
serde_cbor=>https://crates.io/crates/serde_cbor

##Character Encoding
hsivonen/encoding_rs=>hsivonen/encoding_rs
lifthrasiir/rust-encoding=>lifthrasiir/rust-encoding

##Encoding - CRC
mrhooray/crc-rs=>mrhooray/crc-rs

##Encoding - CSV
BurntSushi/rust-csv=>BurntSushi/rust-csv

##Encoding - EDN
naomijub/edn-rs=>naomijub/edn-rs
FlatBuffers=>https://google.github.io/flatbuffers
frol/flatc-rust=>frol/flatc-rust

##Encoding - HAR
mandrean/har-rs=>mandrean/har-rs

##Encoding - HTML
servo/html5ever=>servo/html5ever

##Encoding - JSON
importcjj/rust-ajson=>importcjj/rust-ajson
maciejhirsz/json-rust=>maciejhirsz/json-rust
pikkr/pikkr=>pikkr/pikkr
serde-rs/json=>serde-rs/json
simd-lite/simd-json=>simd-lite/simd-json

##MsgPack
3Hren/msgpack-rust=>3Hren/msgpack-rust

##PEM
jcreekmore/pem-rs=>jcreekmore/pem-rs

##ProtocolBuffers
stepancheg/rust-protobuf=>stepancheg/rust-protobuf
tokio-rs/prost=>tokio-rs/prost

##RON (Rusty Object Notation)
https://github.com/ron-rs/ron=>ron-rs/ron

##Serde
vityafx/serde-aux=>vityafx/serde-aux/

##TOML
toml-rs/toml=>toml-rs/toml

##XML
Florob/RustyXML=>Florob/RustyXML
media-io/yaserde=>media-io/yaserde
netvl/xml-rs=>netvl/xml-rs
shepmaster/sxd-document=>shepmaster/sxd-document
shepmaster/sxd-xpath=>shepmaster/sxd-xpath
tafia/quick-xml=>tafia/quick-xml

##YAML
chyh1990/yaml-rust=>chyh1990/yaml-rust
dtolnay/serde-yaml=>dtolnay/serde-yaml
vitiral/stfu8=>vitiral/stfu8

##Filesystem - Operations
pop-os/dbus-udisks2=>pop-os/dbus-udisks2
pop-os/sys-mount=>pop-os/sys-mount
vitiral/path_abs=>vitiral/path_abs
webdesus/fs_extra=>webdesus/fs_extra

##Temporary Files
Stebalien/tempfile=>Stebalien/tempfile
Stebalien/xattr=>Stebalien/xattr
zboxfs/zbox=>zboxfs/zbox

##Functional Programming - Prelude
JasonShin/fp-core.rs=>JasonShin/fp-core.rs
myrrlyn/tap=>myrrlyn/tap

##Game development - Allegro
SiegeLord/RustAllegro=>SiegeLord/RustAllegro
Awesome Quads=>ozkriff/awesome-quads
Awesome wgpu=>rofrol/awesome-wgpu

##bracket-lib (previously RLTK)
bracket-lib=>amethyst/bracket-lib

##Challonge
vityafx/challonge-rs=>vityafx/challonge-rs

##Corange
lucidscape/corange-rs=>lucidscape/corange-rs

##Entity-Component Systems (ECS)
amethyst/specs=>amethyst/specs
legion=>amethyst/legion

##Game Engines
Bevy=>bevyengine/bevy
Fyrox=>https://fyrox.rs/
ggez=>ggez/ggez
Kiss3d=>http://kiss3d.org
oxidator=>Ruddle/oxidator
Piston=>https://www.piston.rs/
Unrust=>unrust/unrust
Godot=>https://godotengine.org
godot-rust/gdnative=>godot-rust/gdnative
Raylib=>https://www.raylib.com
deltaphc/raylib-rs=>deltaphc/raylib-rs
SDL=>http://www.libsdl.org/
brson/rust-sdl=>brson/rust-sdl
Rust-SDL2/rust-sdl2=>Rust-SDL2/rust-sdl2

##SFML
jeremyletang/rust-sfml=>jeremyletang/rust-sfml

##Tcod-rs
tomassedovic/tcod-rs=>tomassedovic/tcod-rs

##Toornament-rs
vityafx/toornament-rs=>vityafx/toornament-rs

##Victorem
VictoremWinbringer/Victorem=>VictoremWinbringer/Victorem

##Geospatial
DaveKram/coord_transforms=>DaveKram/coord_transforms
Georust=>georust
rust-reverse-geocoder=>gx0r/rrgeo
vlopes11/geomorph=>vlopes11/geomorph

##Graph algorithms
s1ck/graph=>s1ck/graph

##Graphics - Font
RazrFalcon/rustybuzz=>RazrFalcon/rustybuzz
redox-os/rusttype=>redox-os/rusttype
gfx-rs/gfx=>gfx-rs/gfx
gfx-rs/wgpu=>gfx-rs/wgpu

##OpenGL
brendanzab/gl-rs=>brendanzab/gl-rs
glium/glium=>glium/glium
glutin=>https://crates.io/crates/glutin
Kiss3d=>http://kiss3d.org
PistonDevelopers/glfw-rs=>PistonDevelopers/glfw-rs

##PDF
fschutt/printpdf=>fschutt/printpdf
J-F-Liu/lopdf=>J-F-Liu/lopdf
kaj/rust-pdf=>kaj/rust-pdf
WASM-PDF=>jussiniinikoski/wasm-pdf
Vulkan=>https://www.vulkan.org/
erupt=>https://gitlab.com/Friz64/erupt
vulkano=>vulkano-rs/vulkano

##GUI - AutoPilot
autopilot-rs/autopilot-rs=>autopilot-rs/autopilot-rs

##Cocoa
servo/core-foundation-rs=>servo/core-foundation-rs
DioxusLabs/dioxus=>dioxuslabs/dioxus
Druid=>linebender/druid
emilk/egui=>emilk/egui
emoon/rust_minifb=>emoon/rust_minifb
FLTK=>https://www.fltk.org
fltk-rs=>fltk-rs/fltk-rs
Flutter=>https://flutter.dev
flutter-rs=>flutter-rs/flutter-rs
fschutt/azul=>fschutt/azul
GTK+=>https://www.gtk.org/
gtk-rs/gtk3-rs=>gtk-rs/gtk3-rs
relm=>antoyo/relm
iced-rs/iced=>iced-rs/iced
ImGui=>ocornut/imgui
imgui-rs=>imgui-rs/imgui-rs
IUP=>http://webserver2.tecgraf.puc-rio.br/iup
Kiss-ui=>KISS-UI/kiss-ui
ivanceras/sauron-native=>ivanceras/sauron-native
libui=>andlabs/libui
rust-native-ui/libui-rs=>rust-native-ui/libui-rs
Nuklear=>Immediate-Mode-UI/Nuklear
nuklear-rust=>snuk182/nuklear-rust
OrbTk=>redox-os/orbtk
PistonDevelopers/conrod=>PistonDevelopers/conrod/
Qt=>https://doc.qt.io
cyndis/qmlrs=>cyndis/qmlrs
rust-qt=>rust-qt
woboq/qmetaobject-rs=>woboq/qmetaobject-rs
rise-ui=>rise-ui/rise
saurvs/nfd-rs=>saurvs/nfd-rs
Sciter=>https://sciter.com
sciter-sdk/rust-sciter=>sciter-sdk/rust-sciter
slint-ui/slint=>slint-ui/slint
tauri-apps/tauri=>tauri-apps/tauri
tauri-apps/wry=>tauri-apps/wry

##Image processing
abonander/img_hash=>abonander/img_hash
image-rs/image=>image-rs/image
image-rs/imageproc=>image-rs/imageproc
rust-cv/cv=>rust-cv/cv
teovoinea/steganography=>teovoinea/steganography
twistedfall/opencv-rust=>twistedfall/opencv-rust

##Language specification
shnewto/bnf=>shnewto/bnf

##Logging
estk/log4rs=>estk/log4rs
jesusprubio/leg=>jesusprubio/leg
rbatis/fast_log=>rbatis/fast_log
rust-lang/log=>rust-lang/log
seanmonstar/pretty-env-logger=>seanmonstar/pretty-env-logger
slog-rs/slog=>slog-rs/slog
tokio-rs/tracing=>tokio-rs/tracing

##Macro - cute
mattgathu/cute=>mattgathu/cute
Linq-in-Rust=>StardustDL/Linq-in-Rust

##Markup language - CommonMark
raphlinus/pulldown-cmark=>raphlinus/pulldown-cmark

##Mobile - Android / iOS
ivanschuetz/rust_android_ios=>ivanschuetz/rust_android_ios

##Generic
Geal/rust_on_mobile=>Geal/rust_on_mobile

##iOS
TimNN/cargo-lipo=>TimNN/cargo-lipo

##Network programming - Bluetooth
bluez/bluer=>bluez/bluer

##CoAP
Covertness/coap-rs=>Covertness/coap-rs

##Docker
fussybeaver/bollard=>fussybeaver/bollard

##FTP
mattnenterprise/rust-ftp=>mattnenterprise/rust-ftp

##gRPC
tikv/grpc-rs=>tikv/grpc-rs

##HTTP
Hurl=>Orange-OpenSource/hurl

##IPNetwork
achanda/ipnetwork=>achanda/ipnetwork
candrew/netsim=>canndrew/netsim
jesusprubio/online=>jesusprubio/online

##Low level
actix/actix=>actix/actix
dylanmckay/protocol=>dylanmckay/protocol
libpnet/libpnet=>libpnet/libpnet
smoltcp-rs/smoltcp=>smoltcp-rs/smoltcp
tokio-rs/tokio=>tokio-rs/tokio

##message-io
lemunozm/message-io=>lemunozm/message-io

##MQTT
bytebeamio/rumqtt=>bytebeamio/rumqtt

##NanoMsg
thehydroimpulse/nanomsg.rs=>thehydroimpulse/nanomsg.rs

##NATS
nats-io/nats.rs=>nats-io/nats.rs

##Nng
neachdainn/nng-rs=>https://gitlab.com/neachdainn/nng-rs

##NNTP
mattnenterprise/rust-nntp=>mattnenterprise/rust-nntp

##P2P
libp2p/rust-libp2p=>libp2p/rust-libp2p

##POP3
mattnenterprise/rust-pop3=>mattnenterprise/rust-pop3

##QUIC
cloudflare/quiche=>cloudflare/quiche
mozilla/neqo=>mozilla/neqo
quinn-rs/quinn=>quinn-rs/quinn

##Raknet
b23r0/rust-raknet=>b23r0/rust-raknet

##RPC
ENQT-GmbH/remoc=>ENQT-GmbH/remoc
smallnest/rpcx-rs=>smallnest/rpcx-rs

##Socket.io
1c3t3a/rust-socketio=>1c3t3a/rust-socketio

##SSH
alexcrichton/ssh2-rs=>alexcrichton/ssh2-rs
Thrussh=>https://pijul.org/thrussh

##Stomp
zslayton/stomp-rs=>zslayton/stomp-rs

##ZeroMQ
erickt/rust-zmq=>erickt/rust-zmq

##Parsing
Folyd/robotstxt=>Folyd/robotstxt
freestrings/jsonpath=>freestrings/jsonpath
Geal/nom=>Geal/nom
kevinmehall/rust-peg=>kevinmehall/rust-peg
lalrpop/lalrpop=>lalrpop/lalrpop
m4rw3r/chomp=>m4rw3r/chomp
Marwes/combine=>Marwes/combine
nrc/zero=>nrc/zero
pest-parser/pest=>pest-parser/pest
ptal/oak=>ptal/oak
replicadse/wavefront_rs=>replicadse/wavefront_rs
s-panferov/queryst=>s-panferov/queryst
softdevteam/grmtools=>softdevteam/grmtools/

##Peripherals - Serial Port
Susurrus/serialport-rs=>https://gitlab.com/susurrus/serialport-rs

##Platform specific - Cross-platform
svartalf/rust-battery=>https://crates.io/crates/battery
vityafx/thread-priority=>vityafx/thread-priority/

##FreeBSD
fubarnetes/libjail-rs=>fubarnetes/libjail-rs/

##Linux
arvancloud/nginx-rs=>arvancloud/nginx-rs
hannobraun/inotify-rs=>hannobraun/inotify-rs
pop-os/distinst=>pop-os/distinst/
yaa110/rust-iptables=>yaa110/rust-iptables

##Unix-like
nix-rust/nix=>nix-rust/nix
rustix=>bytecodealliance/rustix
zargony/fuse-rs=>zargony/fuse-rs

##Windows
retep998/winapi-rs=>retep998/winapi-rs

##Scripting
fleabitdev/gamelisp=>fleabitdev/glsp
duckscript=>https://crates.io/crates/duckscript
gluon-lang/gluon=>gluon-lang/gluon
KusionStack/KCLVM=>KusionStack/KCLVM
metacall/core=>metacall/core
mun=>mun-lang/mun
murarth/ketos=>murarth/ketos
PistonDevelopers/dyon=>PistonDevelopers/dyon
rhaiscript/rhai=>rhaiscript/rhai
rune-rs/rune=>rune-rs/rune

##Simulation
nyx-space=>https://crates.io/crates/nyx-space

##Task scheduling
delay-timer=>BinChengZhao/delay-timer

##Template engine - Handlebars
botika/yarte=>botika/yarte
sunng87/handlebars-rust=>sunng87/handlebars-rust

##HTML
djc/askama=>djc/askama
kaj/ructe=>kaj/ructe
Keats/tera=>Keats/tera
lambda-fairy/maud=>lambda-fairy/maud
Stebalien/horrorshow-rs=>Stebalien/horrorshow-rs

##Mustache
rustache/rustache=>rustache/rustache

##Text processing
becheran/wildmatch=>becheran/wildmatch
BurntSushi/suffix=>BurntSushi/suffix
BurntSushi/tabwriter=>BurntSushi/tabwriter
cpc=>probablykasper/cpc
Daniel-Liu-c0deb0t/triple_accel=>Daniel-Liu-c0deb0t/triple_accel
fancy-regex/fancy-regex=>fancy-regex/fancy-regex
greyblake/whatlang-rs=>greyblake/whatlang-rs
Lucretiel/joinery=>Lucretiel/joinery
mgeisler/textwrap=>mgeisler/textwrap
ps1dr3x/easy_reader=>ps1dr3x/easy_reader
pwoolcoc/ngrams=>pwoolcoc/ngrams
rust-lang/regex=>rust-lang/regex
strsim-rs=>https://crates.io/crates/strsim
yaa110/rake-rs=>yaa110/rake-rs

##Text search
andylokandy/simsearch-rs=>andylokandy/simsearch-rs
BurntSushi/fst=>BurntSushi/fst
CurrySoftware/perlin=>CurrySoftware/perlin
meilisearch/MeiliSearch=>meilisearch/MeiliSearch
tantivy=>quickwit-oss/tantivy

##Unsfafe
zerocopy=>https://crates.io/crates/zerocopy

##Virtualization
beneills/quantum=>beneills/quantum
bytecodealliance/wasmtime=>bytecodealliance/wasmtime
chromium/chromiumos/platform/crosvm=>https://chromium.googlesource.com/chromiumos/platform/crosvm CrOSVM
oxidecomputer/propolis=>oxidecomputer/propolis
saurvs/hypervisor-rs=>saurvs/hypervisor-rs
unicorn-rs/unicorn-rs=>unicorn-rs/unicorn-rs

##Web programming - Client-side / WASM
cargo-web=>https://crates.io/crates/cargo-web
sauron=>ivanceras/sauron
seed=>https://seed-rs.org/
stdweb=>https://crates.io/crates/stdweb
yew=>https://crates.io/crates/yew

##HTTP Client
alexcrichton/curl-rust=>alexcrichton/curl-rust
async-graphql=>async-graphql/async-graphql
DoumanAsh/yukikaze=>https://gitlab.com/Douman/yukikaze
graphql-client=>graphql-rust/graphql-client
hyperium/hyper=>hyperium/hyper
seanmonstar/reqwest=>seanmonstar/reqwest

##HTTP Server
actix/actix-web=>actix/actix-web
branca=>https://crates.io/crates/branca
carllerche/tower-web=>carllerche/tower-web
danclive/sincere=>danclive/sincere
GildedHonour/frank_jwt=>GildedHonour/frank_jwt
Gotham=>gotham-rs/gotham
Graphul=>graphul-rs/graphul
handlebars-rust=>sunng87/handlebars-rust
hyperium/hyper=>hyperium/hyper
Iron=>iron/iron
Juniper=>graphql-rust/juniper
miketang84/sapper=>miketang84/sapper
Nickel=>nickel-org/nickel.rs/
Ogeon/rustful=>Ogeon/rustful
poem-web/poem=>poem-web/poem
Rocket=>SergioBenitez/Rocket
Rustless=>rustless/rustless
Salvo=>salvo-rs/salvo
Saphir=>richerarc/saphir
seanmonstar/warp=>seanmonstar/warp
tiny-http=>tiny-http/tiny-http
tokio/axum=>tokio-rs/axum
tomaka/rouille=>tomaka/rouille

##Miscellaneous
cargonauts=>cargonauts-rs/cargonauts
causal-agent/scraper=>causal-agent/scraper
hominee/dyer=>hominee/dyer
juhaku/utoipa=>juhaku/utoipa
osohq/oso=>osohq/oso
pwoolcoc/soup=>https://gitlab.com/pwoolcoc/soup
pyrossh/rust-embed=>pyrossh/rust-embed
serenity-rs/serenity=>serenity-rs/serenity
softprops/openapi=>softprops/openapi
svix/svix-webhooks=>svix/svix-webhooks
tbot=>https://gitlab.com/SnejUgal/tbot
teloxide/teloxide=>teloxide/teloxide/
utkarshkukreti/select.rs=>utkarshkukreti/select.rs

##Reverse Proxy
sozu-proxy/sozu=>sozu-proxy/sozu
##Static Site Generators
cobalt-org/cobalt.rs=>cobalt-org/cobalt.rs
FuGangqiang/mdblog.rs=>FuGangqiang/mdblog.rs
getzola/zola=>getzola/zola
grego/blades=>grego/blades
leven-the-blog/leven=>leven-the-blog/leven
WebSocket=>https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/rfc6455
housleyjk/ws-rs=>housleyjk/ws-rs
rust-websocket=>websockets-rs/rust-websocket
snapview/tungstenite-rs=>snapview/tungstenite-rs
vi/websocat=>vi/websocat
vityafx/urlshortener-rs=>vityafx/urlshortener-rs

